refactor(curriculum): colored markers step 16 (#47210)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-colors-by-building-a-set-of-colored-markers/617b65579ce424bf5f02ca73.md

# --description--

> There are two main color models: the <dfn>additive</dfn> RGB (red, green, blue) model used in electronic devices, and the <dfn>subtractive</dfn> CMYK (cyan, magenta, yellow, black) model used in print. In this project you'll work with the RGB model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main color models: the <dfn>additive</dfn> RGB (red, green, blue) model used in electronic devices, and the <dfn>subtractive</dfn> CMYK (cyan, magenta, yellow, black) model used in print.
```

> The RGB color model is additive. This means that colors begin as black, and change as different levels of red, green, and blue are introduced. An easy way to see this is with the CSS `rgb` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, you'll work with the RGB model. This means that colors begin as black, and change as different levels of red, green, and blue are introduced. An easy way to see this is with the CSS `rgb` function.
```
